WOW!
Girl: ♪ I GOT THE BEAT ♪
♪ SO ALL THE KIDS DANCE
WITH ME, ME, ME, ME ♪
♪ PICK IT UP, TURN AROUND,
HERE COMES MIGHTY B, B, B, B ♪
[♪...]
♪ MIGHTY (LA, LA, HEY) ♪
♪ MIGHTY (LA, LA, LA) ♪
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY,
MIGHTY B ♪
♪ I GOT THE BEAT SO ALL THE KIDS
DANCE WITH ME, ME, ME, ME ♪
♪ STICK 'EM UP, ALL AROUND,
HERE COMES MIGHTY B, B, B, B ♪
[♪...]
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY,
MIGHTY B ♪
♪ MIGHTY, MIGHTY B. ♪
[MUSIC ENDS]
Captioning Provided By:
MTV NETWORKS
[♪...]
Bessie: "FROM HONEYCOMB TO HIVE:
THE MIRIAM BREEDLOVE STORY."
OH, HAPPY, OUR FIRST FILM
PREMIERE IN JUST THREE HOURS.
AREN'T YOU EXCITED
TO BE MY PLUS ONE?
[JOYFUL BARK]
[PANTING]
NOW HAPPY, WE SHOULD
ARRIVE AT THE PREMIERE
NO LESS THAN 90 MINUTES
BEFORE SHOWTIME.
THAT'LL GIVE US
A HALF AN HOUR ON THE RED CARPET
FOR INTERVIEWS
AND PRESS AND PHOTOS...
...BEFORE WE TAKE
OUR V.I.P. SEATS
IN THE FRONT ROW.
DON'T WORRY, I'VE ALREADY
THOUGHT ABOUT SNACKS.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS]
[BABY CRIES]
[♪...]
[EXCITED BARKING]
HAPPY, IT'S FOUR DOLLAR SIGNS.
I'M NOT MADE OF MONEY.
[PLAINTIVE BARKING]
YOU HAVE PLENTY OF TOYS AT HOME
THAT YOU NEVER EVEN PLAY WITH.
THAT OLD SOCK,
THAT PLASTIC WATER BOTTLE...
THAT RAISIN UNDER THE COUCH.
[EXASPERATED BARKING]
[ANGRY BARKING]
[LOUD TANTRUM CONTINUES...]
LET'S GO, MISTER.
OH, HAPPY,
THE LIMP NOODLE?
I TAUGHT YOU
THAT ONE... PLEASE.
[PLEADING BARKING]
Bessie: END OF
DISCUSSION, HAPPY.
YOU ARE NOT GETTING
THAT OVERPRICED BONE.
[GROWLING]
NOW, IF YOU WILL EXCUSE ME
I HAVE A PREMIERE
TO GET READY FOR.
[GROWLING]
Bessie: ♪ 'CAUSE I'M RUNNIN'
WITH THE RAINBOW UNICORN... ♪
[GROWLS]
♪ DON'T YOU WISH
YOU WERE ME? ♪
[GRUNTS]
♪ GET DOWN HERE, BESSIE ♪
♪ LA, LA, LA, LA,
LA, LA-LA... ♪
♪ LA-LA-LA, LA, LA... ♪
Bessie: THANK YOU,
THANK YOU, AHH.
Bessie: ♪ 'CAUSE I'M RUNNIN...
[BEATBOXING] ♪
♪ WITH THE RAINBOW
[BEATBOXING]... ♪
♪ U-NI-CORN... [BEATBOXING] ♪
[♪...]
GENUINE PRESCRIPTION GLASSES.
ALL RIGHT...
...DEAL.
[BESSIE BEATBOXING]
♪ REMIX! 'CAUSE I'M RUNNIN'...
[BEATBOXING] ♪
♪ WITH THE RAINBOW
♪ U-NI-CORN [BEATBOXING] ♪
♪ DON'T YOU WISH YOU WERE ME? ♪
[FAUCET SQUEAKS OFF...
WATER DRIPPING]
Bessie: WHA... WHAT?
WHERE ARE THEY?
WHAT, I CAN'T...
I CAN'T FIND MY GLASSES.
WHERE... MY GLASSES!
[CARNIVAL MUSIC PLAYS]
[YAWNING]
[CHUCKLES SHYLY]
[GRUNTING] LET ME GET...
[SIGHS]
HAPPY, HAPPY,
WHERE ARE YOU?
EMERGENCY, I CAN'T
FIND MY GLASSES.
WHA!
OH, THERE YOU ARE.
HELP ME FIND MY GLASSES.
HOW AM I GONNA SEE
AT THE PREMIERE?
HM, THE SILENT TREATMENT?
REAL MATURE.
WELL, FINE, I'LL JUST
FIND 'EM MYSELF.
FINDING MY GLASSES-
NO NEED TO PANIC.
GLASSES WILL BE FOUND
AND... NOPE.
AH, LET'S SEE... NO.
[PANTING] NO!
[CRASH]
WHERE ARE THEY?
EXCUSE ME, SIR?
UM, PARDON ME, MA'AM,
JUST A SEC,
HAVE YOU SEEN A PAIR...
I NEED EVERYONE'S ATTENTION.
HAS ANYONE SEEN MY GLASSES?
I'M GOING TO A MOVIE PREMIERE
IN JUST TWO HOURS.
WELL, EVERYONE'S TOO BUSY TO
HELP A SIGHT-IMPAIRED CHILD.
REAL, REAL NICE.
I WILL TAKE MYSELF TO THE
GLASSES STORE THEN.
OOH, IT'S NIPPY OUT HERE.
I BETTER GET A HAT.
[SOUNDS OF TRAFFIC]
OK, NO PROBLEM.
THIS IS THE PERFECT OPPORTUNITY
TO EMPLOY MY OTHER FOUR
HIGHLY DEVELOPED SENSES.
[HORN HONKING]
[DISTANT SIREN WAILS]
AH, JUST AS I THOUGHT.
THE MAILBOX ON THE CORNER.
GOOD, ON COURSE.
BUSHES... GETTING WARMER.
...AND BIRDS.
THE PARK.
I'LL TAKE THE TUNNEL.
[TIRES SQUEAL]
[♪...]
[BIKE BELL DINGS]
[CHUCKLES]
[REVERSE ALERT BEEPS]
Bessie: MM, THE PARK
SMELLS AWESOME.
[♪...]
Bessie: FRISBEE, INCOMING!
GO LONG.
HUH? [RETCHES]
OK, OUT OF THE PARK,
JUST A FEW MORE BLOCKS.
THEN IT'S GLASSES, GLASSES,
GLASSES, PREMIERE.
[GRUNTS]
OH, EXCUSE ME, SIR.
DO YOU HAVE THE TIME?
I AM ATTENDING A WORLD PREMIERE
THIS EVENING.
HUH, SORRY TO HAVE
DISTURBED YOU.
SOMEBODY'S UPSET 'CAUSE
THEY WEREN'T INVITED.
[♪...]
[ONLOOKERS GASP DELIGHTEDLY]
All: OHH...
HUH?
PHEW.
WHOA!
[SCREECHING AND YELPING]
[SCREECHING CONTINUES]
OH!
WELL, I'M GONNA
DO CULOTTES
FOR THE RED CARPET
WHICH MEANS YOU
CAN TOTALLY RENT
MY METALLIC MINI-DRESS
BUT NOT OVERNIGHT 'CAUSE YOUR
HOUSE SMELLS LIKE CAT BOX.
All: AHH!
PORTIA?
OH, THANK GOODNESS,
IT'S YOU GUYS.
I LOST MY GLASSES AND NATURALLY
I NEED PERFECT VISION FOR...
"FROM HONEYCOMB TO HIVE:
THE MIRIAM BREEDLOVE STORY."
HEY, CAN YOU GUYS POINT ME
TO THE GLASSES STORE?
SURE, BESSIE.
WE WOULDN'T WANT YOU TO MISS
THE FIRST-EVER HONEYBEE
WORLD PREMIERE.
THERE YOU GO.
SEE YOU TONIGHT.
Bessie: THANKS GUYS.
[GIRLS SNICKERING]
[WATER GURGLING]
BOY, THEY REALLY JAZZED
THIS PLACE UP.
[MUSIC PLAYS ON HEADPHONES]
HELLO?
I'M IN NEED OF ASSISTANCE.
I'D LIKE TO REPLACE MY GLASSES.
I BELIEVE YOU HAVE
MY PRESCRIPTION ON FILE.
[FISH SNAPPING]
[HAPPY HOWLS]
PHEW... AH!
[BARKS]
[LOW GROWL]
HUH?
[HORN HONKS]
[YELPS]
IS ANYONE HERE?
CAN I GET SOME SERVICE, PLEASE?
OH, I WOULD NOT MIND FILLING OUT
A BRIEF CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
SURVEY AFTER THIS.
AND I DON'T KNOW IF I WOULD
WRITE SOMETHING GOOD.
[WHIMPERING]
[MARCHING BAND PLAYS]
[ELEPHANT TRUMPETS]
[TEETH CLICKING]
[MOANING... GASPS]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
MAY I HELP YOU?
UHH...
FINALLY, LET ME JUST
CATCH YOU UP ON MY SITUATION.
[MOANING... PANTING]
HEY, MAN, YOU WANNA BE RED?
[PLAINTIVE BARKING]
BUT I LOVE THE WORLD
IN THESE GLASSES.
HUH?
NO WAY.
[WHINING]
HM?
[FISH GROWLS]
FAR OUT.
DEAL.
[CHOMP]
[GROWLS]
AT WHICH POINT,
I TRIED UNDER THE SOFA.
YOU CAN IMAGINE MY PANIC
SINCE I AM ATTENDING
AN EXCLUSIVE
WORLD  PRE...MIERE TONIGHT.
[GASPS]
OH, THANK YOU.
THESE ARE JUST
LIKE MY OLD ONES.
[SNIFFS]
YOU EVEN GOT THE SMELL RIGHT.
[SNORING]
HAPS?
I HAVE A PEACE OFFERING.
I FOUND IT
ON THE STREET.
[PANTING]
ZERO DOLLAR SIGNS.
HUH?
[LOW GROAN]
AH, BEST SEATS IN THE HOUSE.
[♪...]
Hilary: UH-HUH, YEAH.
NO, I'M LISTENING,
BESSIE, UH-HUH.
NO, KEEP GOING,
UH-HUH, WOW...
MOM, MOM,
WATCH ME PRACTICE.
BEN, HONEY, HOLD ON.
Man: Now then, who amongst
you scamps wants porridge?
UH-HUH, OK, OK...
OH, ME SIR,
PLEASE, SIR?
Man: Now then, who amongst
you scamps wants porridge?
OH, ME SIR,
PLEASE, SIR.
[HAPPY WHISTLES]
[BESSIE ON PHONE IN BACKGROUND]
[BESSIE CONTINUES...]
Ben: MOM, MOM,
WATCH ME PRACTICE.
[HAPPY CHUCKLES]
Ben: MOM, MOM...
Bessie: SO BASICALLY,
THESE TECTONIC PLATES
ARE LIKE A COUPLE
OF SARDINES WHO DON'T
WANNA BE IN THE SAME CAN
'CAUSE IT'S TOO SMALL-
THERE ISN'T ENOUGH ROOM.
AND LIKE IN A MILLION YEARS,
CALIFORNIA'S GONNA FALL
INTO THE OCEAN.
ISN'T THAT COOL, MOM?
Isn't that cool...
MOM, MOM, MOM, MOM,
DID YOU TELL HER?
OH, OH, AND BEN
HAS HIS BIG AUDITION
AT THEATER CAMP TODAY.
ANYWAY, TELL HAPPY THAT
I LOVE HIM, AND I MISS HIM
AND I GOT HIM A PRESENT.
[ROARS]
DID YOU TELL HIM YET?
[HORN HONKS]
OH, THAT'S THE BEE BUS.
THANKS, MOM, LOVE YOU,
SEE YOU SOON.
DON'T MISS ME,
CATCH YOU ON THE FLIP SIDE.
[HAPPY GRUMBLES]
OH, DID YOU LOSE
SOMETHING, BOY?
HM?
[GASPS]
[STERNLY]: HAPPY.
WHOA, THERE MUST BE
LIKE 50 STEAKS HERE.
[BARKS/PANTS]
500?
THAT'S IT.
DROP HAPPY AT
OBEDIENCE SCHOOL
ON YOUR WAY TO CAMP.
AND PUT HIM ON A LEASH.
HUH?
[LAUGHS]
[QUESTIONING BARK]
[GASPS]
YOU ALWAYS GO TOO FAR.
[ALARM BLARES]
[HAPPY GRUMBLES]
COME ON, DOG.
QUICK PIT STOP
THEN I'M TAKING
YOU TO JAIL [LAUGHS].
[COMPLAINING BARK]
[STRAINING GRUNT]
OW, OH!
Ben: [MOANING]: OH, OHH...
[SHOP BELL TINKLES]
[COMPLAINING BARK]
OH, MAN, OVER
A FEW DOZEN STEAKS?
[BELL TINKLES]
I HEAR YA, MAN.
I HATED OBEDIENCE SCHOOL
THE FIRST COUPLE OF TIMES.
YOU'LL LIVE THROUGH IT.
WOULD A TAQUITO
MAKE YOU FEEL BETTER?
Ben: YES... OOH.
EASY, LITTLE BUDDY,
I GOT YOU COVERED.
[BEEPS... POWERS UP]
[ORGAN PLAYS
"THE ANNIVERSARY SONG"]
[BELCHING GROWL]
[♪...]
[GROANING]
[BEN'S VOICE WHINING]
Happy: HUH?
[SNIFFING]
[BOTH YELP]
[PANTING]
Ben: GROSS.
I... I'M STUCK IN YOUR BODY.
[MOANS]
[CRIES]: OH!
WHAT ABOUT MY AUDITION?
WHAT ABOUT YOUR
OBEDIENCE SCHOOL?
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO?
[MOANING]
[MAN SNORING]
[DOGS BARKING]
UH, WE GENERALLY DON'T
BELIEVE IN MUZZLING HERE.
[FRUSTRATED GROANING]
HUH, A LIVE ONE.
DON'T WORRY, WE'LL ISOLATE HIM
IF HE GETS FRESH.
[LAUGHING]
[BEN MOANS]
Bessie: HAPPY!
HAPPY, HAPPY?
HAPPY,
HAPPY, I'M HOME.
HAPPY?
I GOT A PRESENT FOR YOU.
IT'S A BAG OF DIRT.
I MEAN, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT IT IS.
HAPPY?
HAPPY... [ECHO]?
[♪...]
[GROANS]
[WHIMPERS]
OK, FUR KIDS, MUSH.
[DOGS BARKING]
LET'S GO, FLUBBY.
[STRAINED GROANING]
NO PAIN, NO GAIN.
[GRUNTING...]
AHH...
OK, FLOSSY, GIVE OLD BLOOPER
HERE A LITTLE ENCOURAGEMENT.
[SHOUTS]
[SLURPING]
Bessie: HAPPY?
[HILARY LAUGHING AT TV]
MOM, WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT'S LIKE A GHOST TOWN
AROUND HERE.
AH, I KNOW,
ISN'T IT WONDERFUL?
WHERE'S HAPPY?
OBEDIENCE SCHOOL.
WHAT?
HE TOOK 500 STEAKS
FROM THE CAFE.
WELL, I'M SURE HE WAS PLANNING
ON RETURNING THEM.
OBEDIENCE SCHOOL?
I CANNOT GO AWAY
TO ONE MEASLY FIELD TRIP
WITHOUT MY DOG BEING STRIPPED
OF HIS CIVIL LIBERTIES?
WAS THERE A LAWYER PRESENT?
WAS HE READ HIS RIGHTS?
YOU KNOW WHAT, MOM,
HE'S PROBABLY
MISERABLE THERE.
HE'S PROBABLY CRYING
'CAUSE EVERYONE'S TRYING
TO MAKE HIM SO OBEDIENT.
OH, I WILL TAKE IT
FROM HERE, MOM.
HAPPY SLEEPS OUTSIDE TONIGHT.
Bessie: OK, LOVE YOU.
All: ♪ ROW, ROW,
ROW YOUR BOAT ♪
♪ GENTLY DOWN THE STREAM ♪
[HAPPY HOWLING]
[LUNCH BELL RINGS]
All: LUNCH!
YEAH?
[CHILDREN LAUGHING AND TALKING]
[♪...]
I BEG YOUR PARDON.
HEY.
[CHILDREN YELLING]
[RETCHING]
Ben: UGH, OHH...
Bessie: HAPPY...
WHAT HAVE THEY
DONE TO YOU, BOY?
Bessie: OH.
[KISS]
OH, MM-MM-MM.
MM-MM, KISSES, KISSES,
KISSES, MWAH.
BESSIE, IT'S ME.
WHAT, BEN?
Ben: I'M IN HERE,
IN THIS CHEAP DOG BODY.
WOW, THAT'S A REALLY GOOD BEN.
DO ME.
BESSIE, IT'S  ME.
THE HIPPIE MADE A BATCH OF CRAZY
TAQUITOS IN HIS MAGIC MICROWAVE.
OR MAGIC TAQUITOS
IN HIS CRAZY MICROWAVE.
ANYWAY, I'M HAPPY
AND HAPPY'S ME.
[SPEECHLESS SQUEAKING]
BESSIE, YOU HAVE TO HELP.
I'M GONNA MISS MY BIG AUDITION.
LET ME JUST GET THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU SWITCHED BODIES-
THE OLD SWITCHEROO.
[SIGHS]
[CRYING]
DON'T WORRY, BEN,
WE'RE GONNA FIX THIS.
[HAPPY HOWLING]
HAPPY, YOU'RE SAVED.
UGH, OOH, SORRY,
YOU SMELL LIKE BEN.
COME ON, LET'S GET YOU OUT OF
THOSE AWESOME LEG WARMERS
AND OVER TO THE HIPPIE
SO WE CAN FIX THIS BEFORE
BEN MISSES HIS BIG CHANCE.
[GROWLING]
[BARKING/TALKING]
HAPPY, WHAT HAS GOTTEN INTO YOU?
BEN HAS BEEN PREPARING FOR THIS
AUDITION SINCE LAST YEAR.
[GROWLING PROTEST]
[WHIMPERING]
Ben: COME ON,
THERE'S NO TIME.
THE AUDITION'S
GONNA START SOON.
FINE, YOU TWO
STAY HERE AND GET IN LINE
FOR THE AUDITION.
LISTEN, BEN, WAIT...
BEN, I...
OH, OK.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
PLEASE EXPLAIN TO ME AGAIN
HOW A GROWN MAN MISTAKES
A BOX OF REGULAR TAQUITOS
FOR A BOX OF MAGIC-QUITOS?
A BABY CAN
TELL THE DIFFERENCE.
[SIGHS]
I'M SORRY, MAN.
I SWEAR, I'D TAKE IT
ALL BACK IF I KNEW WHAT
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT.
[PIANO PLAYS]
Children: ♪ LA-LA-LA,
LA, LA, LA, LA ♪
♪ LA-LA-LA,
[CLEARS THROAT]
[HOWLING]: ♪ LA-LA-LA,
LA, LA, LA, LA ♪
[HOWLING CONTINUES]
[PANTING]
COME ON, BESSIE.
WHERE ARE YOU?
[ORGAN PLAYS
"THE ANNIVERSARY SONG"]
[SCREECHING]
[MICROWAVE BEEPS]
Hippie: OHH...
[LAUGHS] WHOA, MAN.
I'M WEARING A SASH.
Bessie: OH, BOY.
[GAGGING]
ACH, HOW CAN YOU
BREATHE IN THIS THING?
OH, YEAH, SEE
WHAT I DO IS...
JUST GRAB THE TACQUITO
AND LET'S GO.
WE GOTTA SWITCH BACK
"HEN AND BAPPY."
UM, NEXT UP, 16?
GIVE IT, MINE...
[GROWLING AND GROANING]
16?
...16?
Bessie: I'M HERE JUST IN TIME.
NOW THEN, WHO AMONG YOU SCAMPS
WANTS PORRIDGE?
[CLEARS THROAT]
[PLAINTIVE BARKING]
[DRAMATIC WHIMPERING...]
YOU'RE...
...BRILLIANT.
I'VE NEVER SEEN IT PERFORMED
WITH SUCH DARING.
YOU'VE GOT THE PART.
AH!
[GRUNTS] AH, OOH.
Bessie: BEN, I TRIED,
I'M SORRY.
[PANTING]
I... I GOT IT?
I GOT THE PART.
HEY, WAIT.
[HIPPIE LAUGHING]
Hippie: ALL'S WELL
THAT ENDS WELLS.
All: HOORAY.
[COW MOOS]
[BARKING]
[GROWLING]
[♪...]
[CHILDREN GIGGLING]
[CHILDREN LAUGHING]